# Drake

Pre-compiled drake files.

Notes on documentation

The C++ classes are beautifully documented in [doxygen](https://drake.mit.edu/doxygen_cxx/index.html). 
The Python API is also documented directly, but is autogenerated and not always as beautiful. 
Consider using the C++ doxygen as a secondary source of documentation even for 
your Python development... most of the pydrake API maps directly to 
that C++ API.



* [terminology](https://drake.mit.edu/doxygen_cxx/group__multibody.html)

* [tutorials](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/RobotLocomotion/drake/nightly-release?filepath=tutorials/dynamical_systems.ipynb)
* 

### Contact modeling

[Contact modeling in drake](https://drake.mit.edu/doxygen_cxx/group__drake__contacts.html)


Drake approximates real-world physical contact phenomena with a combination of geometric techniques and response models. 
Here we discuss the parameterization and idiosyncracies of a particular contact response model:

* based on point contact.
* non-penetration imposed with a penalty force.
* continuous model of friction approximating Coulomb stiction and sliding friction effects.


Drake's contact model, the tangential force is a function of the normal force.

* A contact between two rigid objects is represented by a single contact point Co. This 
point is characterized by two points witness points Aw and Bw (points of deepest penetration).
* Surface-to-surface contacts (such as a block sitting on a plane) are unfortunately still limited to a single contact point.
* A contact normal is determined that approximates the mutual normal of the contacting surfaces at the contact point.